OCPBUGS-20194: Stop other control plane components on non-recovery hosts during etcd restore procedure (#70568)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/dr-restoring-cluster-state.adoc

+
The output of this command should be empty. If it is not empty, wait a few minutes and check again.

.. Move the existing Kubernetes Controller Manager pod file out of the kubelet manifest directory by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
sudo mv /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-controller-manager-pod.yaml /tmp
----

.. Verify that the Kubernetes Controller Manager containers are stopped by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
sudo crictl ps | grep kube-controller-manager | egrep -v "operator|guard"
----
The output of this command should be empty. If it is not empty, wait a few minutes and check again.

.. Move the existing Kubernetes Scheduler pod file out of the kubelet manifest directory by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
sudo mv /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler-pod.yaml /tmp
----

> .. Verify that the Kubernetes Scheduler containers are stopped by using the following command:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> sudo crictl ps | grep kube-scheduler | egrep -v "operator|guard"
> ---- 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Verify that the Kubernetes Scheduler containers are stopped by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
sudo crictl ps | grep kube-scheduler | egrep -v "operator|guard"
---- 
```

+
The output of this command should be empty. If it is not empty, wait a few minutes and check again.

> .. Move the existing Kubernetes Controller Manager pod file out of the kubelet manifest directory by using the following command:

Reviewer 2: I agree with using `kube-controller-manager`, as it matches the name of the pod we are talking about and would make it easier to find for the user who is dealing with this.

However, we would also to use `kube-scheduler` and `kube-apiserver` with the same notation, for full consistency.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo mv /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-controller-manager-pod.yaml /tmp
----

.. Verify that the Kubernetes Controller Manager containers are stopped by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo crictl ps | grep kube-controller-manager | egrep -v "operator|guard"
----

> The output of this command should be empty. If it is not empty, wait a few minutes and check again.

Reviewer 3: The IBM SG states:

![Screenshot from 2024-01-29 12-23-34](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/88342245-a9b8-48c1-b429-f285a203fae4)

How about: 

```suggestion
Empty output is the desired result from running the command. If the output is not empty, wait a few minutes and check again.
```
WDYT?

.. Move the existing Kubernetes Scheduler pod file out of the kubelet manifest directory by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo mv /etc/kubernetes/manifests/kube-scheduler-pod.yaml /tmp
----

.. Verify that the Kubernetes Scheduler containers are stopped by using the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ sudo crictl ps | grep kube-scheduler | egrep -v "operator|guard"
---- 

> The output of this command should be empty. If it is not empty, wait a few minutes and check again.

Reviewer 3: Same feedback as previous comment.

> .. Move the etcd data directory to a different location with the following command:

Reviewer 3: "Example" should be mentioned as the command is just that based on the `tmp` target location. The preceeding text does not suggest a location limitation.

static-pod-resources/kube-scheduler-pod-8/kube-scheduler-pod.yaml
----
+

> The cluster-restore.sh must show that etcd, kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager and kube-scheduler pods are stopped and then started at the end of the restore process.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `cluster-restore.sh` script must show that etcd, kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager, and kube-scheduler pods are stopped and then started at the end of the restore process.
```
JUst want to check that etcd, kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager, and kube-scheduler all refer to "pods"?

Reviewer 2: > Just want to check that etcd, kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager, and kube-scheduler all refer to "pods"?

All of them are pods, mentioned by the script

Reviewer 2: And it would be best if you write "The `cluster-restore.sh` script output must show..."

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure if you tried to make this update, but it is still showing the original formatting and text (`The cluster-restore.sh must show...`)

Please update this line to something like this:
```
The output of the `cluster-restore.sh` script must show...
```

My understanding is that verbatim pod names should be in backticks [1], so I would suggest the following formatting (this suggestion includes a couple minor grammatical tweaks as well):

```suggestion
The output of the `cluster-restore.sh` script must show that the `etcd`, `kube-apiserver`, `kube-controller-manager`, and `kube-scheduler` pods are stopped and then started at the end of the restore process.
```
[1]
> Use backticks for all non-GUI "system items", including:
> 
> - Inline commands, operations, literal values, variables, parameters, settings, flags, environment variables, user input
> - System term/item, user names, unique or example names for individual API objects/resources (e.g., a pod named mypod), daemon, service, or software package
> - RPM packages
> - File names or directory paths

(source: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting)

Clusters with no worker nodes, such as single-node clusters or clusters consisting of three schedulable control plane nodes, will not have any pending CSRs to approve. You can skip all the commands listed in this step.
====

> .. Get the list of current CSRs, by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: I think you can drop the comma as the sentence is short. With the comment, a subject is missing in the dependent clause.

Reviewer 4: +1, no comma necessary

<1> A pending kubelet service CSR (for user-provisioned installations).
<2> A pending `node-bootstrapper` CSR.

> .. Review the details of a CSR to verify that it is valid by running the following command:

Reviewer 3: I do not see "CSR" expanded in the document. Maybe expand it's first occurence in the doc?

. Verify that the single member control plane has started successfully.

> .. From the recovery host, verify that the etcd container is running by running the following command:

Reviewer 4: Backticks for `etcd`?

3ad41b7908e32       36f86e2eeaaffe662df0d21041eb22b8198e0e58abeeae8c743c3e6e977e8009                                                         About a minute ago   Running             etcd                                          0                   7c05f8af362f0
----

> .. From the recovery host, verify that the etcd pod is running by running the following command:

Reviewer 4: Backticks for `etcd`?

Reviewer 2: In this case, as it refers to the etcd pod, it would make sense. But not as a general guideline on how to write "etcd" in the docs.

+
If the output includes multiple revision numbers, such as `2 nodes are at revision 6; 1 nodes are at revision 7`, this means that the update is still in progress. Wait a few minutes and try again.

.. Force a new rollout for the Kubernetes controller manager by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch kubecontrollermanager cluster -p='{"spec": {"forceRedeploymentReason": "recovery-'"$( date --rfc-3339=ns )"'"}}' --type=merge
----
+

> Verify all nodes are updated to the latest revision by running the following command.

Reviewer 4: This should end in `:` instead of `.`

+
If the output includes multiple revision numbers, such as `2 nodes are at revision 6; 1 nodes are at revision 7`, this means that the update is still in progress. Wait a few minutes and try again.

.. Force a new rollout for the Kubernetes scheduler by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc patch kubescheduler cluster -p='{"spec": {"forceRedeploymentReason": "recovery-'"$( date --rfc-3339=ns )"'"}}' --type=merge
----
+

> Verify all nodes are updated to the latest revision by using the following command.

Reviewer 4: This should end in `:` instead of `.`, and I would suggest s/by using/by running for consistency
